Socks are in the first drawer of the chest of drawers in the bedroom.

Shirts are hanging in the wardrobe.

Jeans are in a pile next to the bedroom door.

Muddy boots are outside the kitchen door.

Coats are in the porch.

Trousers are at the bottom of the wardrobe.

Gold watches are in the hidden safe.

Dresses are in the large wardrobe.

Belts are under the bed.

Chairs are in the dining room.

Bowls are in the cupboard next to the sink.

Pianos are in the cellar.

Slippers are in the hall.

Empty coffee cups are in the sink.

Rugs are on the floors.

Laptops are in the office.

Broken plates are in the garden.

Dog bowls are on the kitchen floor.

Silver cutlery is in the dresser.

Kettles are on the kitchen counter.

Wineglasses are on the top shelf.

China cups are in the cupboard next to the fridge.

Old plates are in the attic.

Flowers are in the vase on the table.

Difficult board games are in the office.

Clean tablecloths are in the middle drawer.

Scissors are in the box under the desk.

String is in the tin on the shelf.

Letters are in the letterbox.

Parcels are on the kitchen table.

Suitcases are in the spare room.

Cushions are on the couch.

Broken bicycles are in the shed.

Sandwiches are in the plastic lunchbox.

Running shoes are in the shoe rack.

Books are in the bookcase.

Costumes are in the cupboard under the stairs.

Hats are on the hatstand.

Jackets are on the back of the door.

Hairbrushes are in the bathroom.

Keyboards are in the office.

Sunglasses are on the bedside table.

Teapots are on top of the fridge.

Paintings are hanging on the walls of the study.

Plants are in plant pots in the garden.

Metal ladders are in the shed.

Cars are in the garage.

Shiny shoes are in the shiny shoebox.

Scarves are on the back of the chair.

Keys are on the hook.

Watering cans are in the greenhouse.

Basil plants are on the kitchen windowsill.

Wallets are on the kitchen table.

Handbags are on the shelf in the walk-in wardrobe.

Rucksacks are on the floor in the porch.

Weights are in the weight room.

Filled notebooks are at the bottom of the bookcase.

Chocolate raisins are in the jar.

Jogging pants are in the second drawer of the chest of drawers in the bedroom.

Recipe books are on the shelf in the kitchen.

Baked potatoes are in the fridge.

Remote controls are on the couch.

Frying pans are in the cupboard in the kitchen.

Soap is in the cupboard in the bathroom.

Olive oil is on the counter.

Fresh towels are in the hamper.

Scented candles are in the box.

Dust sheets are in the attic.

Dog trousers are in the dog bed.

Secateurs are in the toolbox.

Giant pencils are in the giant pencil case.

Trophies are in the display cabinet.

Commemorative hockey sticks are on the living room wall.

Seashells are on the bathroom sideboard.

Paint thinner is in the shed.

Cycling shorts are in the Third drawer of the chest of drawers in the bedroom.

Paintbrushes are in the paintbox.

CDs are in boxes in the attic.

Latex gloves are in the bathroom cupboard.

Research documents are in files in the office.

Bicycle seats are on the bicycles.

Dressing gowns are on the back of the bedroom door.

Razors are on the shelf in the bathroom.

Muffins are in the secret muffin storage area.

Protective masks are in the first aid kit.

Trainers are in the shoe rack.

Old school books are in the attic.

Silly drawings are on the fridge door.

Swimming shorts are in the swimming bag.

Posters are displayed in the bedroom.

Footstools are in the living room.

Handcrafted pipes are on the mantelpiece.

Saxophones are in the cellar.

Drums are in the cellar.

Train sets are set up in the study.

Toy boxes are on the living room floor.

Surfboards are on the rack in the garage.

Birthday cakes are in the fridge disguised as kale.

Ceremonial swords are on the wall in the living room.

Suits are in the walk-in wardrobe.

Diamond earrings are in the jewellery box.

Cuff links are in the jewellery box.

Magazines are in the magazine rack.

Felt-tip pens are in the big pencil case.

Wellington boots are in the porch.

Woollen mittens are on the kitchen table.

Motorcycle trousers are in the wardrobe.

Origami pieces are in the origami display cabinet.

Paper plates are on the shelf in the kitchen.

Lemons are in the wooden fruit bowl.

Skipping ropes are in the yellow toy box.

Completed Lego sets are in the Lego display cabinet.

Pogo sticks are in the garden.

Costume jewellery is in the dressing-up box.

Good writing paper is in the middle drawer of the desk.

Aprons are hanging on the kitchen door.

Jars of jam are in the pantry on a shelf.

Umbrellas are in the umbrella holder in the porch.

Gremlin outfits are in the cupboard under the stairs.

Plastic spoons are in the small drawer near the oven.

Jewel encrusted goblets are in the hidden safe.

Dried brown lentils are in the plastic tub.

Overcoats are in the walk-in wardrobe on the left.

Green jade is in the dish on the table in the hallways.

Dice are in the tin on the glass coffee table.

Sheet music is on the shelf in the cellar.

Fancy winter tights are in the third drawer of the chest of drawers.

Gardening gloves are in the greenhouse.

Aromatic herbs are in the pantry.

Knitting needles are in the knitting bag.

Shoe racks are in the hallway.

Display cabinets are in the front room.

Models of Mars are in the bedroom.

Sound activated plastic dancing flowers are on the kitchen windowsill.

Vacuum cleaners are in the cupboard under the stairs.

Screws are in the toolbox.

Framed photographs are in the front room.

Fairy lights are in a box in the attic.

Plans for building work are on the desk.

Tins of chickpeas are at the back of the cupboard.

Glass eyeballs are in a jar on the mantelpiece.

Pork pies are in the fridge.

Birdwatching books are on the top shelf of the bookcase.

Binoculars are next to the kitchen window.

Modelling clay is in the yellow toy box.

Building blocks are in the yellow toy box.

Lacy white dresses are in the walk-in wardrobe on the right.

Feather boas are at the back of the walk-in wardrobe.

High-quality gin is in the drinks cabinet.

Medical dictionaries are on the top shelf of the bookcase.

Antique garden gnomes are in a box in the garage.

Hand-turned wooden spoons are on the kitchen wall.

Miniature glass bottles are in the back bedroom.

Swimming goggles are in the swimming bag.

Rubber flippers are in the cupboard under the stairs.

Realistic model dinosaurs are on the shelf in the living room.

Coasters are on the kitchen table.

Threadbare long-sleeved T-shirts are in the recycling box.

False teeth are in the glass next to the bathroom sink.

Old tools are in the old toolbox.

Swimming bags are on the hook in the hallway.

Old toolboxes are in the attic.

Metal toolboxes are in the shed.

Sewing boxes are on the living room table.

Bags of wool are in the living room cupboard.

Sequinned jumpsuits are in the walk-in wardrobe

Cuckoo clocks are on the wall in the hallway.

Teddy bears are in the back bedroom.

Briefcases are in the office.

Phone chargers are in the box on the desk.

Receipts are in the top drawer of the desk.

Buttons are in a bag in the sewing box.

Pyjamas are in the basket in the wardrobe.

Rubber waders are in the garage.

Gloves are on the table in the hallway.

Old digital cameras are in a box in the attic.

Poetry books are on the second shelf of the bookcase.

Handkerchiefs are in the bottom drawer of the chest of drawers in the bedroom.

Unused postcards are in a box on the desk.

Broken phones are in a box on the shelf in the office.

Important documents are in the hidden safe.

Photograph albums are in the cupboard.

Cowboy boots are in the shoe rack.

Satin sheets are in the second drawer under the bed.

Reading glasses are on the table in the living room.

Paddling pools are at the bottom of the garden.

Footballs are next to the back door.

Washing baskets are outside the bathroom.

Toothpaste is in the bathroom cabinet.

Shampoos are next to the bath.

Cleaning products are under the kitchen sink.

Cooking utensils are in the kitchen drawers.

Pillows and blankets are in the airing cupboard.

Seeds for next year are in an envelope in the shed.

Raincoats are hanging in the porch.

Vinyl records are in boxes next to the record player.

Catalogues are on the table next to the couch.

Atlases are on the top shelf of the wooden bookcase.

Headphones are on the shelf in the office.

Old mechanical typewriters are in the attic.




Where are my striped socks?

Where is my new shirt?

Where are my old jeans?

Where are my muddy boots?

Where is my coat?

Where are my best trousers?

Where is my gold watch?

Where is my red dress?

Where is my black belt?

Where is my chair?

Where is my favourite bowl?

Where is my piano?

Where are my slippers?

Where is my empty coffee cup?

Where is my rug?

Where is my laptop?

Where is the broken plate?

Where is the dog's bowl?

Where is the silver cutlery?

Where is the kettle?

Where are the wine glasses?

where are the china cups?

Where are the old plates?

Where are the pink and yellow flowers?

Where are the most difficult board games?

Where is the clean tablecloth?

Where are the orange scissors?

Where is the string?

Where are the letters?

Where is the parcel?

Where are the leather suitcases?

Where are the red velvet cushions?

Where is the broken bicycle?

Where are my sandwiches?

Where are my running shoes?

Where are my books?

Where is my elephant costume?

Where is my warm hat?

Where is my smart jacket?

Where is my hairbrush?

Where is my keyboard?

Where are my sunglasses?

Where is the teapot?

Where are the paintings?

Where are the plants?

Where are the metal ladders?

Where is my car?

Where are my shiny shoes?

Where is my scarf?

Where are my keys?

Where is my watering can?

Where is my basil plant?

Where is my wallet?

Where is my expensive handbag?

Where is my sturdy camping rucksack?

Where are my heavy weights?

Where are my filled notebooks?

Where are my chocolate raisins?

Where are my comfortable jogging pants?

Where are my ancient recipe books?

Where is the last baked potato?

Where is the universal remote control?

Where is the large frying pan?

Where is the fragrant soap?

Where is the extra virgin olive oil?

Where are the fresh towels?

Where are the scented candles?

Where are the dust sheets?

Where are the dog's new trousers?

Where are the green secateurs?

Where is my giant pencil?

Where is my engraved trophy?

Where is my commemorative hockey stick?

Where is my collection of seashells?

Where is my bottle of paint thinner?

Where are my black cycling shorts?

Where are my paintbrushes?

Where are my redundant CDs?

Where are my latex gloves?

Where are my research documents?

Where is my bicycle seat?

Where is my fluffy dressing gown?

Where is my hi-tech razor?

Where is my fresh blueberry muffin?

Where is my protective mask?

Where are my red suede trainers?

Where are my old school books?

Where are my silly drawings?

Where are my swimming shorts?

Where are my tasteful posters?

Where is my mother's wooden footstool?

Where is my father's handcrafted pipe?

Where is my sister's new saxophone?

Where is my brother's old drum?

Where is my daughter's train set?

Where is my son's yellow toy box?

Where is my grandmother's surfboard?

Where is my grandfather's birthday cake?

Where is my aunt's ceremonial sword?

Where is my uncle's pinstripe suit?

Where are my mother's diamond earrings?

Where are my father's gold cuff links?

Where are my sister's magazines?

Where are my brother's felt-tip pens?

Where are my daughter's wellington boots?

Where are my son's woollen mittens?

Where are my grandmother's motorcycle trousers?

Where are my grandfather's origami pieces?

Where are my aunt's paper plates?

Where are my uncle's lemons?

Where is my skipping rope?

Where is my completed Lego set?

Where is my pogo stick?

Where is my shiny costume jewellery?

Where is my good writing paper?

Where are my aprons?

Where are my jars of jam?

Where are my umbrellas?

Where are my gremlin outfits?

Where are my plastic spoons?

Where is my seventeenth-century jewel-encrusted goblet?

Where is my packet of dried brown lentils?

Where is my black ankle-length overcoat?

Where is my small piece of smooth green jade?

Where is my twelve-sided dice collection?

Where are my thick books of classical sheet music?

Where are my fancy winter tights?

Where are my beige canvas gardening gloves?

Where are my aromatic herbs for making teas?

Where are my full-size knitting needles?

Where is the sturdy orange wooden shoe rack?

Where is the well-lit, glass-fronted origami display cabinet?

Where is the impressively detailed scale model of Mars?

Where is the sound activated plastic dancing flower?

Where is the ancient ineffective vacuum cleaner?

Where are the screws for the new TV cabinet?

Where are the framed photographs of family members?

Where are the long multicoloured fairy lights?

Where are the general plans for the upcoming building work?

Where are the standard sized tins of chickpeas in brine?

Where is my mother's growing collection of glass eyeballs?

Where is my father's delicious homemade pork pie?

Where is my sister's informative book about birdwatching?

Where is my brother's powerful set of binoculars?

Where is my daughter's box of soft modelling clay?

Where is my son's set of colourful building blocks?

Where is my aunt's lacy white dress?

Where is my uncle's vintage red feather boa?

Where is my grandmother's large bottle of high-quality gin?

Where is my grandfather's in-depth medical dictionary?

Where are my mother's valuable antique garden gnomes?

Where are my father's hand-turned wooden spoons?

Where are my sister's miniature glass bottles?

Where are my brother's scratched swimming goggles?

Where are my daughter's large rubber flippers?

Where are my son's realistic model dinosaurs?

Where are my aunt's decorative coasters?

Where are my uncle's threadbare long-sleeved T-shirts?

Where are my grandmother's best false teeth?

Where are my grandfather's trusty old tools?

Where is the swimming bag?

Where is the old toolbox?

Where is the metal toolbox?

Where is the sewing box?

Where are the bags of wool?

Where is my new gold sequinned jumpsuit?

Where is my antique cuckoo clock collection?

Where is my scruffy old teddy bear?

Where is my impenetrable metal briefcase?

Where is my fast phone charger?

Where are my receipts from last week?

Where are my various plastic buttons?

Where are my green silk pyjamas?

Where are my enormous rubber waders?

Where are my brand-new thermal leather gloves?

Where is my old digital camera?

Where is my book of twentieth-century poetry?

Where is my light blue handkerchief?

Where is my assortment of unused postcards?

Where is my broken phone?

Where are my important documents?

Where are my dusty photograph albums?

Where are my spangly rhinestone cowboy boots?

Where are my silver satin sheets?

Where are my red plastic reading glasses?

Where is my transparent inflatable paddling pool?

Where is my heavy leather football?

Where is my dirty washing basket?

Where is my herbal toothpaste?

Where is my selection of conditioning shampoos?

Where are my beautifully scented cleaning products?

Where are my modern cooking utensils?

Where are my comfortable pillows and blankets?

Where are my vegetable seeds for next year?

Where are my lightweight raincoats?

Where is my rare vinyl record collection?

Where is my catalogue of discounted electronic goods?

Where is my up-to-date world atlas?

Where are my powerful surround-sound headphones?

Where is my old mechanical typewriter?


